Mr. Ye, please save my daughter
Mr. Wang, are you looking for the wrong person?
He eats and drinks for free at my house
No ability
Even his job was arranged for him by our family
He can save your daughter
It's a joke.
My daughter has heart surgery
Only 1% chance of surviving
I heard that Dr. Ye is a close disciple of the doctor
I have to ask Dr. Ye to save my daughter
What take me away now
Thank you Mr. Ye
Dr. Hou
Lyrical I have read your daughter's case
I can do your daughter's surgery
Very high success rate.
When can the surgery be scheduled?
I told you last time.
As long as you are willing to marry me
I will immediately arrange surgery to save your daughter